Whoa!
They’re so beautiful!
Do butterflies know
they’re beautiful?
No.
They don’t.
Then why did Jehovah
make them so pretty?
For us!
He loves us and wants us
to have beauty all around.
Now think of all
the different butterflies you’ve seen.
Awesome!
Did you know
that every single butterfly
starts out as a caterpillar?
Look how cute they are!
Aw!
Huh.
And even before that,
the mommy butterfly
has to find the right leaf
to lay her caterpillar eggs
since it’s going to be
her babies’ food.
Nice!
I can’t believe that this
turns into this!
Isn’t it great that Jehovah designed
so many wonderful things
for us to discover?
That shows how much he loves us!
I can’t wait to be in Paradise
to study every butterfly
that Jehovah has designed.
Jehovah made so many amazing things!
What’s your favorite?